# Operating-Platforms

For this project, I acted as a developer for a application that The Gaming Room requested I complete. Their initial project consisted of a game called Draw It or Lose It that was only compatiable for one operating platform. The Gaming Room came to me seeking a way to expand their game to multiple platforms by turning their game into a web based game. The Gaming Room requested that the game supports one or more teams with multiple players assigned to each team. They addiitonally requested that each team, player and game name was unique. Working through this project, I was able to develop my programming skills as well as develop a better mentality for addressing a project assigned to me by a client. Rather than simply leaping into a project to begin docing, I developed a better understanding of what aspects I should consider before jumping into a project in order to appropriately address the cleint's requests. The use of the Singleton pattern was a new concept to me prior to this project so gaining an understanding of the Singlton pattern and efectively implementing it into my code is something that I felt was mutually beneficial to myself and the client. The client's request for unique names was accomplished and I was able to learn a new programming skill to keep in mind for my future projects. It is extremely important to always come back to the user's needs when designing as it can become very easy to get sucked into your work and before you know it, you are developing code for something that doesn't meet the client's request and the user's needs. This project taught me a great deal about traditional operating systems and cloud based systems. Following tis project, I feel I have a greater understanding of cloud based systems and the power of their use when designing a project that may be cross platform compatible. Cloud based systems also can be much more cost effective which could be a vital consideration for some clients. 
